The Demised Premises may be used and occupied only for the purpose or purposes specified in Subsection 1.1 and for no other purpose or purposes without the prior written consent of Landlord. Tenant shall not at any time leave the Demised Premises vacant, but shall in good faith continuously throughout the term of this Lease conduct and carry on in the entire Demised Premises the type of business for which the Demised Premises are leased under the name specified in Subsection 1.1 or under such other name approved in advance in writing by Landlord. Tenant shall be required to use the highest standards of practice available to Tenant in connection with its conduct of business, so as to maximize its sales volume and promote the reputation of the Shopping Center.

Tenant agrees that the Leased Premises will be used and occupied by Tenant and/or any assignees, sublessees or other occupants (which reference to assignees, sublessees and other occupants shall not be deemed to give Tenant any rights to assign or sublet not specifically set forth in this Lease), or permitted to be used and occupied by Tenant or any other such parties only for the Permitted Use, and for no other use or purpose.

The Demised Premises may be used and occupied only for the purpose or purposes specified in Subsection 1. 1 and for no other purpose or purposes without the prior written consent of Landlord. No activity by Tenant or suffered by Tenant shall be permitted in the Demised Premises which would have a detrimental affect on the reputation of the Shopping Center, or would, in Landlord's reasonable discretion, injure or harm the goodwill of the Shopping Center in the eyes of the public in general.

The Leased Premises will be used only for the Permitted Use, and for no other use or
purpose. Landlord has not made any representations as to whether the Permitted Use is permitted by the municipality, or whether the Leased Premises is zoned for such use. 

The Leased Premises will be used only for the Permitted Use, and for no other
use or purpose. Landlord represents and warrants to Tenant that the Leased Premises is zoned for use as a tavern with restricted gaming and the Leased Premises have been deemed "suitable" by all applicable governmental agencies for operation of a tavern with restricted gaming. Tenant shall continuously keep the Leased Premises open and operated for business during such days and hours as the Shopping Center is open for business. 

The Leased Premises will be used only for the Permitted Use, and for no other use or purpose. Landlord has not made any representations as to whether the Permitted Use is permitted by the municipality, or whether the Leased Premises is zoned for such use. No sale or dispensing of alcoholic beverages shall be permitted.

It is expressly agreed that the Demised Premises may be used for any lawful purpose during the Term, unless prohibited by the Declaration.  Tenant, its agents, employees, customers, and invitees shall have free and unobstructed right to use the Demised Premises. Tenant shall comply with and abide by all federal, state, county, municipal, and other governmental statutes, ordinances, laws, and regulations affecting the Demised Premises, the improvements thereon, or any activity or condition on or in the Demised Premises.