Tenant shall not conduct within the Demised Premises any fire, auction, "going out of business" or bankruptcy sale. Tenant shall not permit any objectionable or unpleasant odors to emanate from the Premises; nor place or permit any radio, television, loudspeaker, amplifier or signs or devices emitting flashing lights, odors, loud noises or vibrations on the roof or outside the Demised Premises or where the same can be heard, seen, felt or smelled from outside the Demised Premises (either in the common facilities or in other leased space; however Tenant shall have the right to install a satellite dish on the roof provided it is not visible from any portion of the shopping center); nor place any antenna, awning or other projection on the exterior of the Demised Premises; nor solicit business in the common facilities nor distribute advertising matter to, in or upon any common facility or the Shopping Center; nor commit or permit waste or a nuisance upon the Demised Premises. Tenant shall not store within the Demised Premises merchandise or equipment other than that to be used in or sold from the Demised Premises.

Tenant shall not conduct within the Demised Premises any fire, auction, "going out of business" or bankruptcy sale. Tenant shall not permit any objectionable or unpleasant odors to emanate from the Premises; nor place or permit any radio, television, loudspeaker, amplifier or sound system, or signs or devices emitting flashing lights, odors, loud noises or vibrations on the roof or outside the Demised Premises or where the same can be heard, seen, felt or smelled from outside the Demised Premises (either in the common facilities or in other leased space); nor place any antenna, or other projection on the exterior of the Demised Premises; nor solicit business in the common facilities nor distribute advertising matter to, in or upon any common facility or the Shopping Center; nor commit or permit waste or a nuisance upon the Demised Premises. Tenant shall not store within the Demised Premises merchandise or equipment other than that to be used in or sold from the Demised Premises.

Tenant agrees for its part: no auction, fire, bankruptcy, going out of business or similar sale will be conducted or advertised; no merchandise will be kept, displayed or sold or business solicited in the Shopping Center outside the leased Premises; no nuisance will be permitted; nothing shall be done which is unlawful, offensive or contrary to any law, ordinance, regulation or requirement of any public authority, or which may be injurious to or adversely affect the quality of the Leased Premises or the Shopping Canter; no part of the Leased Premises (especially the electric and plumbing systems, the floor and walls) will be overloaded, damaged or defaced; no holes will be drilled in the stone or brickwork or in concrete; no emission of any objectionable odors, sounds or vibrations will be permitted. 

Tenant agrees it will
(a) Conduct no auction, fire, going-out-of-business or bankruptcy sales or similar practice. 

(b)	Display no merchandise outside the Demised Premises nor in any way obstruct the adjacent sidewalks; and, store all trash and refuse in appropriate containers within the Demised Premises and attend to the daily disposal thereof in the manner designated by Landlord.  Tenant shall not burn any trash or rubbish in or about the Demised Premises or anywhere else within the confines of the Shopping Center.

(c)	Load or unload all merchandise, supplies, fixtures, equipment and furniture and cause the collection of rubbish only through the rear service door or doors (unless no such door is provided) of the Demised Premises, from 9:00 a.m. until 10:00 p.m.  Normal delivery service to customers may be made through the front entrance.  

(d)	Keep the Demised Premises in a careful, safe, clean and proper manner; and not permit any rubbish or refuse of any nature emanating from the Demised Premises to accumulate in the sidewalk areas or rear delivery area(s).

(e)	Not solicit business in the Common Areas or distribute any handbills or other advertising matter in the Common Areas.

(f)	Prevent the Demised Premises from being used in any way which will injure the reputation of the same or the Shopping Center upon which the Demised Premises constitute a part or from being used in any way which may be a nuisance, annoyance, inconvenience or damaging or inimical to the other tenants or occupants of the Shopping Center, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the operation of any instrument or apparatus or equipment or the carrying on of any trade or occupation which emits an odor discernible outside of the Demised Premises or which may be deemed offensive in nature or noise by the playing of any musical instrument or radio or television or the use of a microphone, loud speaker, electrical equipment or other equipment which may be heard outside of the Demised Premises.

(k)	Install no signs in or upon the Demised Premises or on the Shopping Center property without the prior written consent of Landlord.  Any signs allowed by Landlord shall comply with the "sign criteria" as shown on the attached Exhibit D.  

(l)	Not use, occupy, suffer or permit the Demised Premises or any part thereof to be used or occupied for any purpose contrary to law or the rules or regulations of any public authority or the requirements of any insurance underwriters or rating bureaus or in any manner so as to increase the cost of insurance to Landlord over and above the normal cost of such insurance for the use above permitted for the type and location of the building of which the Demised Premises are a part.  Tenant shall, on demand, reimburse Landlord for all extra premiums (as with typical retail uses within the Shopping Center) caused by Tenant’s use of the Demised Premises, whether or not Landlord has consented to such use.  Nothing contained herein shall permit a use other than the use herein before provided.  Tenant shall promptly comply with all present and future laws, regulations or rules of any county, state, federal and other governmental authority and any bureau and department thereof, and of the National Board of Fire Underwriters or any other body exercising similar function which may be applicable to the Demised Premises.  If Tenant shall install any electrical equipment that overloads the lines in the Demised Premises, Tenant shall make whatever changes are necessary to comply with the requirements of the insurance underwriters and governmental authorities having jurisdiction thereover.

Tenant shall continuously keep the Leased Premises open and operated for business during such days and hours as the Shopping Center is open for business. Tenant agrees that: no auction, fire, bankruptcy, going out of business or similar sale will be conducted or advertised; no merchandise will be kept, displayed or sold or business solicited in the Common Areas; no nuisance will be permitted; and no emission of any objectionable odors, sounds or vibrations will be permitted.

Tenant agrees for its part no auction, fire, bankruptcy, or going out of business similar sale will be conducted or advertised; no merchandise will be kept, displayed or sold or business solicited in the Shopping Center outside the leased Premises; no nuisance will be permitted; nothing shall be done which is unlawful, offensive or contrary to any law, ordinance, regulation or requirement of any public authority, or which may be injurious to or adversely affect the quality of the Leased Premises or the Shopping Canter; no part of the Leased Premises (especially the electric and plumbing systems, the floor and walls) will be overloaded, damaged or defaced; no holes will be drilled in the stone or brickwork or in concrete; no emission of any objectionable odors, sounds or vibrations will be permitted. The storefront, show windows and signs will be repaired, kept clean, in good condition and lighted; all merchandise and other property will be delivered to or removed from the Leased Premises only by the rear entrance; all garbage, waste and refuse will be kept stored temporarily Inside the Leased Premises and then regularly removed at Tenant's expense and, if Landlord opts, only by a contractor designated by Landlord, provided its price is competitive.

Tenant agrees to conduct its business in a manner that shall not be unlawful, illegal, or objectionable to other Tenants in the building of which the Premises are a part, including but not limited to noise, vibration, odor, trash or fumes. In the event Landlord receives complaints from other Tenants in the building or complex and determines, in its sole reasonable judgment, that Tenant is conducting its operations in a manner so as to be objectionable to other Tenants, Tenant shall, upon notice from Landlord, promptly modify its operations to eliminate such objections.

Tenant shall not conduct within the Demised Premises any fire, auction, "going out of business" or bankruptcy sale. Tenant shall not permit any objectionable or unpleasant odors to emanate from the Premises; nor place or permit any radio, television, loudspeaker, amplifier or sound system, or signs or devices emitting flashing lights, odors, loud noises or vibrations on the roof or outside the Demised Premises or where the same can be heard, seen, felt or smelled from outside the Demised Premises (either in the common facilities or in other leased space); nor place any antenna, awning or other projection on the exterior of the Demised Premises; nor solicit business in the common facilities nor distribute advertising matter to, in or upon any common facility or the Shopping Center; nor commit or permit waste or a nuisance upon the Demised Premises. Tenant shall not store within the Demised Premises merchandise or equipment other than that to be used in or sold from the Demised Premises.

Tenant shall not conduct within the Demised Premises any fire, auction, "going out of business" or bankruptcy sale. Tenant shall not permit any objectionable or unpleasant odors to emanate from the Premises; nor place or permit any radio, television, loudspeaker, amplifier or sound system, or signs or devices emitting flashing lights, odors, loud noises or vibrations on the roof or outside the Demised Premises or where the same can be heard, seen, felt or smelled from outside the Demised Premises (either in the common facilities or in other leased space); nor place any antenna, awning or other projection on the exterior of the Demised Premises; nor solicit business in the common facilities nor distribute advertising matter to, in or upon any common facility or the Shopping Center; nor commit or permit waste or a nuisance upon the Demised Premises. Tenant shall not store within the Demised Premises merchandise or equipment other than that to be used in or sold from the Demised Premises.

Tenant shall not conduct within the Demised Premises any fire, auction, "going out of business" or bankruptcy sale. Tenant shall not permit any objectionable or unpleasant odors to emanate from the Premises; nor place or permit any radio, television, loudspeaker, amplifier or sound system, or signs or devices emitting flashing lights, odors, loud noises or vibrations on the roof or outside the Demised Premises or where the same can be heard, seen, felt or smelled from outside the Demised Premises (either in the common facilities or in other leased space); nor place any antenna, or other projection on the exterior of the Demised Premises; nor solicit business in the common facilities nor distribute advertising matter to, in or upon any common facility or the Shopping Center; nor commit or permit waste or a nuisance upon the Demised Premises. 

No sale or dispensing of alcoholic beverages shall be permitted.  No merchandise will be kept displayed or sold or business solicited in the Common Areas; no nuisance will be permitted; no emission of any objectionable odors, sounds or vibrations will be permitted. Tenant and its agents, employees and subtenants shall comply with all rules and regulations promulgated by Landlord.All garbage, waste and refuse wiU be kept stored temporarily inside the Leased Premises and then regularly removed at Tenant's expense and, if Landlord opts, only by a contractor designated by Landlord, provided its price is competitive. Tenant shall not commit or suffer to be committed any waste upon the Leased Premises. Tenant shall comply with all laws and requirements of all governmental authorities, including, but not limited to, all environmental laws and regulations, pertaining to the Leased Premises or Tenant's use thereof, and all requirements and recommendations of Landlord's and Tenant's insurance companies and any rating bureau or similar organization, including maintaining and servicing fire extinguishers. Tenant shall be prohibited from operating a similar business within three (3) miles of the Shopping Center.

Tenant agrees that: no auction, fire, bankruptcy, going out of business or similar sale will be conducted or advertised; no merchandise will be kept, displayed or sold or business solicited in the Common Areas; no nuisance will be permitted; and no emission of any objectionable odors, sounds or vibrations will be permitted. Tenant shall keep the Leased Premises free of rodents, vermin, insects and other pests and provide regular extermination services when necessary. Tenant and its agents, employees and subtenants shall comply with all reasonable rules and regulations promulgated by Landlord. In all cases, the rules and regulations must be uniformly enforced by Landlord.

No sale or dispensing of lottery tickets, other gaming tickets, liquor, wine or beer shall be permitted.

Tenant agrees that: no auction, fire, bankruptcy, going out of business or similar sale will be conducted or advertised; no merchandise will be kept, displayed or sold or business solicited in the Common Areas; no nuisance will be permitted; and no emission of any objectionable odors, sounds or vibrations will be permitted. Tenant shall keep the Leased Premises free of rodents, vermin, insects and other pests and provide regular extermination services when necessary.

Tenant shall be prohibited from operating a similar business within three (3) miles of the Shopping Center.