This Agreement states the entire agreement between the parties concerning the disclosure of Confidential Information and supersedes any prior agreements, understandings, or representations with respect thereto.

Entire Agreement. This Agreement  constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to its subject matter and constitutes and supersedes all prior agreements, representations and understandings of the parties, written or oral.

The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

This Agreement, together with the exhibits and schedules hereto, constitutes the entire understanding and agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements or understandings, inducements or conditions, express or implied, written or oral, between the parties with respect hereto other than the Confidentiality Agreement. The express terms hereof control and supersede any course of performance or usage of the trade inconsistent with any of the terms hereof.

This Agreement represents the final agreement between the Parties relating to the subject matter hereof, and may not be contradicted by evidence of prior, contemporaneous or subsequent oral agreements of the Parties. There are no representations, warranties, terms, conditions, undertakings or collateral agreements, express, implied or statutory, between the Parties other than as expressly set forth in this Agreement.

This Agreement represents the entire understanding between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior communications, agreements and understandings relating thereto.

this Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between the Company and Consultant relating to its subject matter and merges all prior discussions between the parties to
this Agreement. No amendment to this Agreement will be effective unless in writing signed by
both parties to this Agreement. The Company shall not be deemed hereby to have waived any
rights or remedies it may have in law or equity, nor to have given any authorizations or waived
any of its rights under this Agreement, unless, and only to the extent, it does so by a specific
writing signed by a duly authorized officer of the Company. Any subsequent change or changes
in Consultant’s duties, obligations, rights or compensation will not affect the validity or scope of
this Agreement.

This document contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and neither Party shall have any obligation, express or implied by law, with respect to trade secret or proprietary information of the other Party except as set forth herein. 

This agreement is the parties’ entire agreement on this topic, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements. Any amendments must be in writing.  The parties may execute this agreement in counterparts, which taken together will constitute one instrument.

This Agreement supersedes all prior oral or written agreements or understanding that may exist between the parties in respect of the Confidential Information.  

This document contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

The Receiving Party acknowledges that the Disclosing Party (or any third party entrusting its own confidential information to the Disclosing Party) claims ownership of the Confidential Information disclosed by the Disclosing Party and all patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, and other intellectual property rights in, or arising from, such Confidential Information.  No option, license, or conveyance of such rights to the Receiving Party is granted or implied under this Agreement.  If any such rights are to be granted to the Receiving Party, such grant shall be expressly set forth in a separate written instrument.

This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding between the Parties relating to the subject matter hereof unless any representation or warranty made about this Agreement was made fraudulently and, save as may be expressly referred to or referenced herein, supersedes all prior representations, writings, negotiations or understandings with respect hereto.

This Agreement states the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior negotiations, understandings and agreements, written or oral, regarding such subject matter.

This Agreement shall control in the event of a conflict with any other agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.

This Agreement expresses the complete understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter and supersedes all prior proposals, agreements, representations and understandings. This Agreement may not be amended except in a writing signed by both parties.



