train_security_deposit

The Security Deposit shall serve as security for the performance of Tenant's obligations under
this lease. If Tenant defaults under this Lease, Landlord may apply the Security Deposit towards curing the default and any loss or damage arising from the default. If Landlord so applies any part of the deposit, Tenant shall on demand deposit with Landlord the amount so applied so that Landlord shall have the full deposit on hand at all times. Tenant shall have no right to apply any portion of the Security Deposit against any of Tenant's obligations to pay any Rent hereunder. At the expiration of this Lease, if Tenant is not in default or otherwise liable to Landlord, the unapplied balance of the Security Deposit shall be returned to Tenant.

Security Deposit (Section 16.6): One Thousand Eight Hundred and 00/100 Dollars ($1,800.00).

Tenant has deposited with Landlord the sum of ___________________________ ($___________), equal to two (2) months’ rent, as security for the faithful performance and observance by Tenant of the terms, provisions and conditions of this Lease.  It is agreed that in the event Tenant defaults in respect of any of the terms, provisions and conditions of this Lease, including, but not limited to, the payment of rent and additional rent, Landlord may use, apply or retain the whole or any part of the security so deposited to the extent required for the payment of any rent and additional rent or any other sums as to which Tenant is in default or for any sum which Landlord may expend or may be required to expend by reason of Tenant’s default in respect of any of the terms, covenants and conditions of this Lease, including, but not limited to, any damages or deficiency in the re-letting of the Demised Premises, whether such damages or deficiency accrued before or after summary proceedings or other reentry by Landlord.  In the event that Tenant shall fully and faithfully comply with all the terms, provisions, covenants and conditions of this Lease, the security shall be returned to Tenant without interest, after the expiration or earlier termination of the Lease and after delivery of entire possession of the Demised Premises to Landlord as required under the Lease.

Lessee shall deposit with Lessor the sum of
Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000.00) (which deposit together with
all Interest accruing thereon, is hereinafter referred to as the
"Security") upon the issuance of all permits and licenses noted
in Subsection 1. 04 (a) , as security for the full and faithful
performance by Lessee of all obligations of Lessee under this
Lease or in connection with this Lease. If Lessee is in
"Default" (as defined in Section 12.01), Lessor may use, apply or
retain all or any part of the Security for the payment of (I) any
rent or any other sums of money which Lessee was obligated to pay
but did not pay; (ii) any sum expended by Lessor on Lessee's
behalf in accordance with the provisions of this Lease; or (III)
any sum which Lessor may expend or be required to expend as a
result of Lessee's Default, including any damages or deficiency
in the reletting of the Demised Premises in accordance with
Section 12.03. The use, application or retention of the Security
or,any portion thereof by Lessor shall not prevent Lessor from
exercising any other right or remedy provided for under this
Lease or at law and shall not limit any recovery to which Lessor
may be entitled otherwise; provided, however, that upon expiration
of this Lease pursuant to Subsection 12.01(b), the Security
shall be used to reduce and set off any monetary obligation to
Lessor for which Lessee is then, or subsequently becomes liable

Upon signing this Lease, Tenant shall deposit with Owner the sum set forth in Section 1.14 herein
(“Security Deposit”). This Security Deposit shall be held by Owner, without liability for interest, as
partial security for the full and faithful performance by Tenant of all the terms, covenants, and conditions of this Lease to be performed by Tenant including, without limitation, those relating to the payment of rent, repairing the Premises (other than normal wear and tear) and cleaning the Premises upon termination of the Term. Owner may commingle the Security Deposit and shall not be required to keep it separatefrom its general funds.

Use and Return of Deposit. In the event of the failure of Tenant to abide by any of the terms, covenants and conditions of this
Lease, then Owner, at its option, may use any amount of the Security Deposit to compensate Owner for
any loss or damage sustained or suffered due to such failure by Tenant. The entire Security Deposit, or any portion thereof, may also be applied by Owner to the payment of overdue rent or other sums due and payable to Owner by Tenant hereunder. In this event, Tenant, upon the written demand of Owner, shall immediately remit to Owner a sufficient amount in the form of a cashier’s check to restore the Security Deposit to the original sum deposited. Failure to do so within five (5) business days after such demand shall constitute a material breach of this Lease. Should Tenant comply with all of the terms, covenants and conditions of this Lease and promptly pay when due all of the Rent and all other sums payable by Tenant to Owner, the Security Deposit will be returned to Tenant in accordance with applicable law.

SECURITY DEPOSITS: As a security for the prompt and punctual performance of all obligations required to be performed hereunder by Tenant, the Tenant shall deposit with the Landlord, on the date of execution of this Lease the amount of the security deposit referred to in Section 1.8. No interest shall accrue to Tenant on such security deposit. In the event of any default hereunder by Tenant, Landlord may utilize such deposit to offset either in whole or in part any obligations of the Tenant hereunder. in the event the Tenant does not default hereunder, the security deposit shall be returned to the Tenant at the expiration of the Lease Tenant, without any interest thereon; however, Tenant expressly acknowledges that Tenant will not hold any lender of the Landlord liable for the return of all or any part of the security deposit unless the security deposit is escrowed with such lender. The Tenant agrees that the security deposit is not to be considered as the last month's rent and that Tenant may not elect to apply such security deposit towards the payment of rent or any other amount due hereunder.

Tenant shall deposit with Landlord upon execution of this Lease the amount specified in Article 1.7 hereof to be held by Landlord as security for Tenant's faithful performance of Tenant's duties and obligations hereunder. Tenant shall not be entitled to interest on such deposit. If Tenant fails to pay rent or other charges due hereunder, or otherwise defaults with respect to the provisions of this Lease, Landlord may, without notice to Tenant, apply or retain all or any portion of said deposit for the payment of rent or other charges in default or for the payment of any sum to which Landlord may become obligated by reason of Tenant's default or to compensate Landlord for any loss or damage which Landlord may suffer thereby. If Landlord so uses or applies all or any portion of said deposit, Tenant shall within five (5) days after written demand therefore deposit cash with Landlord in an amount sufficient to restore said deposit to the full amount heretofore stated. The deposit shall be returned to Tenant within sixty (60) days following the expiration of the Term hereof, provided Tenant has fully performed all of its duties and obligations hereunder. If Tenant shall default under this Lease more than two (2) times in any twelve (12) month period, irrespective of whether or not such default is cured, then the security deposit shall, within ten (10) days after demand by Landlord, be increased by Tenant to an amount equal to the greater of: (i) three (3) times the amount specified in Article 1.7; (ii) three (3) months' fixed rent; or (iii) as may be otherwise required by Landlord.