Severability. If any of the provisions of this Agreement are found to be unenforceable, the remainder shall be enforced as fully as possible and the unenforceable provision(s) shall be deemed modified to the limited extent required to permit enforcement of the Agreement as a whole.

If a court finds any provision of this Agreement invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement shall be interpreted so as best to effect the intent of the parties.

In the event any term of this Agreement is found by any court to be void or otherwise unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement shall remain valid and enforceable as though such term were absent upon the date of its execution. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and delivered to the other Party either physically or by electronic means, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, all of which shall remain in full force and effect.

Severability. If any of the provisions of this Agreement are held invalid, illegal or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect and such provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent possible so as to effect the intent of the parties and shall be reformed to the extent necessary to make such provision valid and enforceable.

If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect.

In the event that any provision of this Agreement shall be determined to be illegal or unenforceable, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.

In the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, such provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect.

If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable, such provision may be severed herefrom and the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.

If any of the provisions of this Agreement are held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall be unimpaired.

In the event any term of this Agreement is found by any court to be void or otherwise unenforceable, the remainder of this agreement shall remain valid and enforceable as though such term were absent upon the date of its execution.

The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, all of which shall remain in full force and effect.

In the event any term of this Agreement is found by any court to be void or otherwise unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement shall remain valid and enforceable as though such term were absent upon the date of its execution.

Severability. If any one or more of the provisions contained herein, or the application thereof in any circumstance, is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect for any reason, the validity, legality and enforceability of any such provision in every other respect and of the remaining provisions hereof shall not be in any way impaired, unless the provisions held invalid, illegal or unenforceable shall substantially impair the benefits of the remaining provisions hereof.

Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is held invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced under any rule or law, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in a materially adverse manner with respect to any party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an
acceptable manner to the end that transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible.

