This Agreement shall survive for a period of 3 years from the date of disclosure of the Confidential Information.

This Agreement will commence on the date first set forth above and will remain in effect for [five (5) years] from the date of last disclosure of Confidential Information by either party, at which time it will terminate.

The obligations of each receiving party hereunder shall survive for a period of three years after the disclosure of the Confidential Information 

this Agreement shall expire five (5) years from the Effective Date.

 This Agreement shall survive the termination of any negotiations or discussions between the
parties hereto for a period of two years 

Recipient (including its affiliates, employees, agents
and consultants) shall maintain in strict confidence for a period of five (5) years from the Effective Date

This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, unless sooner terminated by mutual agreement, for a period of three (3) years from the date hereof

This Agreement shall govern disclosures between the Parties for two (2) years after the Effective Date.

The Receiving Party shall protect Confidential Information, in the manner provided herein, for three (3) years after receipt thereof.

Unless the parties otherwise agree in writing, Recipient’s duty to protect Confidential Information expires five years from disclosure.


The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will remain in effect until the second anniversary of such Effective Date.

The obligations of the parties hereunder shall terminate three (3) years from the date first written above.


This Agreement shall govern disclosures between the parties for two (2) years after the Effective Date. The Recipient shall protect Confidential Information, in the manner provided herein, for three (3) years after receipt thereof


The confidentiality obligations of this Agreement, as they apply to Proprietary Information disclosed prior to termination, will survive termination for a period of 5 years; provided, Recipient's obligations hereunder shall survive and continue in effect thereafter with respect to any Proprietary Information that is a trade secret under applicable law.

The Receiving Party's obligations with respect to any Confidential Information and Materials will survive for a period of three   (3) years after any termination of the Agreement.

The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will remain in effect until the second anniversary of such Effective Date.

This Agreement shall govern disclosures between the Parties for two (2) years after the Effective Date

The obligations of this Agreement shall be continuing until the Confidential Information disclosed to Recipient is no longer confidential.

The nondisclosure provisions of this Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement and Receiving Party's duty to hold Confidential Information in confidence shall remain in effect until the Confidential Information no longer qualifies as a trade secret 

All obligations and duties of the parties set forth hereunder in respect of Proprietary Information disclosed prior to such termination shall continue perpetually.

As of the Effective Date, this Agreement shall be effective and shall remain in effect until the first to occur of:  (i) the termination of all discussions between the Parties; or (ii) notice by one Party to the other that such Party considers all discussions between the Parties to have terminated; or (iii) written agreement that this Agreement has terminated.  All of the provisions of this Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the return of the Confidential Information to Disclosing Party.

This Agreement shall survive until such time as all Confidential Information disclosed hereunder becomes publicly known and made generally available through no action or inaction of Recipient, but in all events shall expire 24 months from the date above.

