Minimum Hours of Operation

Tenant shall conduct its business in the Demised Premises during those days,
nights and hours as determined from time to time by Landlord but in no
event shall Tenant operate less than 10:00 a.m.to 8:00 p.m. Monday
through Saturday and 11:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. on Sunday. 

Tenant shall keep the display windows, if any, in the Demised Premises well lighted
during the hours from sundown to 10:00 o'clock p.m. 

Tenant shall conduct its business in the Demised Premises not less than 48 hours during non-holiday weeks and not less than 40 hours during holiday weeks. It is further agreed that Tenant may close the Premises to business for two (2) normal business days during each calendar year to paint the interior of the Premises.

Tenant shall keep the Leased
Premises open and operated continuously for business not less than from 10:00 A.M, to 9:00 P,M: each day for at least six (6) days a week. Tenant will continuously operate its business therein with diligence and in a mannercalculated to produce maximum Gross Sales.

Tenant shall conduct its business in the Demised Premises during those days, nights and hours as determined from time to time by Landlord but in no event shall Tenant operate less than 10:00 a.m.to 8:00 p.m. Monday through Saturday and 11:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m.on Sunday. Tenant shall keep the display windows, if any, in the Demised Premises well lighted during the hours from sundown to 10:00 o'clock p.m. Tenant shall not perform any acts or carry on any practices which damage the Shopping Center or its customers, employees or invitees, or which will result in an increase of casualty insurance premiums. Landlord agrees that the Common Area of the Shopping Center shall be light during the aforementioned hours of operation or longer as directed by Landlord.

Tenant shall conduct its business in the Demised Premises not less than 48 hours during non-holiday weeks and not less than 40 hours during holiday weeks. It is further agreed that Tenant may close the Premises to business for two (2) normal business days during each calendar year to paint the interior of the Premises.

Tenant shall continuously keep
the Leased Premises open and operated for business during such days and hours as the
Shopping Center is open for business.

Tenant shall Keep the Demised Premises continuously and uninterruptedly open for business and adequately staffed during all usual business hours, but not less than the hours of 10:00 o’clock a.m. until 8:00 o’clock p.m. Monday through Saturday and from 11:00 o’clock a.m. until 5:00 o’clock p.m. on Sunday, and use the Demised Premises for the purposes set forth above.

Tenant shall continuously keep the Leased Premises open and operated for business during such days and hours as the Shopping Center is open for business.

