During the Term, Tenant shall pay to Landlord in advance on the first day of each month, amount equal to 1/12th of Tenant’s pro-rata share of the annual “Common Area Maintenance Expenses” for the Shopping Center as estimated from time to time by Landlord.  Landlord’s initial estimate of Tenant’s pro-rata share is $___________ per month.  A year end adjustment shall be made in accordance with Article VII of this Lease.

Tenant shall pay its share of "Yearly Common Area Costs" (hereinafter defined), On the first day of each month in advance, Tenant shall pay to Landlord, as additional Rent (herein called "Common Area Rent") one-twelfth (1/12th) of Tenant's annual share of Landlord's estimated Yearly Common Area Costs, based on Landlord's estimates. Tenant's annual share shall be determined by multiplying the Yearly Common Area Costs by Tenant's Fraction (defined in Article 5(6)), For a portion of a calendar month at the beginning of the Lease Term, Tenant's Common Area Rent shall be prorated for that month.

Tenant shall have the non-exclusive right to use the Common Area.
Common Area is defined as the common areas and facilities of the Shopping Center. Landlord reserves the right at any time and from time to time to change or reduce or add to the Common Area, and further. Landlord reserves to itself the exclusive right at any time to use the roof, foundation or exterior walls (other than Tenant's storefront) for placing of signs or equipment, including utility equipment, or for purpose of additional construction. On the first day of each month during the Lease Term, Tenant shall pay to Landlord, as Common Area Rent, one-twelfth (l/12th) of Tenant's annual share of Yearly Common Area Costs, pursuant to Landlord's estimates (which may be adjusted from time to time). Tenant's annual share shall be determined by multiplying the Yearly Common Area Costs by Tenant's Fraction. Yearly Common Area Costs mean all costs and expenses incurred by Landlord during each twelve (12) month period selected by Landlord for repair, replacement, maintenance, insurance, protection and operation of the Common Area, and for compensation to management and service personnel; plus 10% percent of all Yearly Common Area Costs as a fixed administrative fee for Landlord. If after the end of the fiscal year the total of the monthly z-6 payments by Tenant for the year is more or less than the annual Yearly Common Area Costs, then an adjustment shall be made with appropriate payments to or repayment (or credit to future Common Area Rent) by Landlord.

Tenant shall have the non-exclusive right to use the
Common Area. Common Area is defined as the common areas and facilities of the Shopping Center. Landlord reserves the right at any time and from time to time to change or reduce or add to the Common Area, and further, Landlord reserves to itself the exclusive right at any time to use the roof,-foundation or exteripr wails (other than Tenant's storefront) for placing of signs or equipment or for purpose of additional construction. On the first day of each month during the Lease Term, Tenant shall pay to Landlord, as Common Area Rent, one-twelfth (1/12th) of Tenant's annual share of Yearly Common Area Costs, pursuant to Landlord's estimates (which may be adjusted from time to time). Yearly Common Area Costs mean all costs and expenses incurred by Landlord during each twelve (12) month period selected by Landlord for repair, replacement, maintenance, insurance, protection and operation of the Common Area, and for compensation to management and service personnel; plus fifteen (15%) percent of all Yearly Common Area Costs as a fixed administrative fee for Landlord. If after the end of the fiscal year the total of the monthly payments by Tenant for the year is more or less than the annual Yearly Common Area Costs, then an adjustment shall be made with appropriate payments to or repayment (or credit to future Common Area Rent) by Landlord.