train_base_rent NOTE: Also called "minimum rent"

BASE RENT. The Tenant agrees to pay to the Land lord at such other place as the Land
lord may hereafter from time to time designate in writing, without demand, annual Base 
Rent in the amount of 20,000  Dollars ($20,000.00 ), payable in monthly installments of  
2,000  Dollars ($2,000).

BASE RENT.  On the first day of each calendar month during the Lease Term,
Tenant will pay to Landlord the Base Rent, plus applicable sales or use tax thereon, in equal 
monthly installments, in lawful money of the United States, in advance and without offset, 
deduction prior notice or demand.  The Base Rent is payable at Landlord's Rent Payment 
Address or at such other place or to such other person as Landlord may designate in writing from time to time. Payments of Base Rent for any partial calendar month will be prorated.


Base Rent.   Tenant agrees to pay to Landlord as base rent (“Base Rent”), without
notice or demand, annual rent of thirty two Dollars and No Cents ($32.00) per square foot of Rentable 
Area, payable monthly in advance on or before the first day of each and every successive calendar 
month beginning on the Rent Commencement Date, and subject to periodic adjustment as hereinafter 
provided; provided, however, that the first month’s rent shall be payable upon Tenant’s execution of 
Lease. Tenant's obligation to pay rent shall commence on the earlier to occur of:  (i) one hundred 
twenty (120) days after the Delivery Date or (ii) Tenant’s opening to the public for business (the “Rent Commencement Date”). 

Minimum Rent. Tenant shall pay to Landlord without demand minimum rental the sum per annum specified in Subsection 1.1 (h), as such sum may be adjusted pursuant to Section 5.3, payable in equal, monthly installments, in advance, to be received by Landlord on or before the first (1st) day of each calendar month throughout the Lease term without any right of setoff or deduction, whatsoever. Rent begins to accrue hereunder on the date 60 days after the Delivery Date, notwithstanding the fact that the term of this Lease may not commence until the first (1ist) day of the month immediately following the first to occur of such events. Therefore, on the first rental installment date (i.e., at the beginning of the term) Tenant shall also pay any sums due for any portion of the preceding calendar month for which rent has accrued by virtue of the preceding sentence. All covenants, conditions, obligations and duties of Landlord and Tenant described in this Lease shall be applicable from and after the date that rent begins to accrue hereunder with the same force and effect as if the term had formally commenced.

Minimum Rental (Section 5.1): The sum of Twenty-one Thousand Six Hundred and 00/100 Dollars ($21,600.00) per annum; the sum of One Thousand Eight Hundred and 00/100 Dollars ($1,800.00) per month.

Minimum Rent. Tenant shall pay to Landlord without demand as minimum rental the sum per annum specified in subsection 1.1 (h), as such sum may be adjusted pursuant to Section 5.3, payable in equal, monthly installments, in advance, to be received by Landlord on or before the first (Ist) day of each calendar month throughout the Lease term without any right of setoff or deduction, whatsoever.Rent begins to accrue hereunder thirty (30) days after the Commencement

