ownership_of_information

Recipient acknowledges and agrees that any Confidential Information of Discloser, in whatever form, and including modifications to any Confidential Information, is the sole property of Discloser, which retains all rights, title and interest in and to any Confidential Information.  No present or future intellectual property rights or licenses are offered, granted or implied by Discloser in the disclosure of any Confidential Information to Recipient.  

All Confidential Information is and shall remain the sole property of Disclosing Party.  Receiving Party does not acquire (by license or otherwise, whether express or implied) any intellectual property rights or other rights under this Agreement or any disclosure hereunder, except the limited right to use such Confidential Information in accordance with the express provisions of this Agreement.  All rights relating to the Confidential Information that are not expressly granted hereunder to Receiving Party are reserved and retained by Disclosing Party.

All Confidential Information is and will remain the property of the Disclosing Party. This Agreement does not grant Recipient any license or other right with respect to the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information or any of the Disclosing Party’s patents, copyrights or other intellectual property rights, except the limited rights to use the Confidential Information as set forth in this Agreement.  

All right, title, and interest in and to the Confidential Information shall remain with Company or its licensors. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to grant any rights to Recipient under any patents, copyrights, trademarks, or trade secrets of Company.

Nothing in this Agreement is intended to grant any rights to either party under any patent, mask work right or copyright of the other party, nor shall this Agreement grant any party any rights in or to the Confidential Information of the other party except as expressly set forth herein.

Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as granting or conferring to either party any rights by license or
otherwise in any Confidential Information disclosed hereunder which in all respects shall remain the property of and with the
Disclosing Party.

Neither Party acquires any intellectual property rights under this Agreement except any limited
rights necessary to carry out the purposes as set forth in this Agreement.

This Agreement does not grant You any licence or rights in the
Confidential Information.

All Confidential Information disclosed hereunder shall (i) remain the property of the Disclosing Party; and (ii) upon the Disclosing Party's written request, be either promptly returned to the Disclosing Party or destroyed, and written confirmation thereof sent to the Disclosing Party. No license under any patent or other intellectual property right is granted or conveyed hereby or by any disclosure of Confidential Information made hereunder.

No party acquires any intellectual property rights under this agreement except the limited rights necessary to use the Confidential Information for the Purpose.

Recipient agrees that all Confidential Information shall remain the property of Discloser. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as granting or implying any transfer of rights to Recipient in the Confidential Information, or any patents or other intellectual property protecting or relating to the Confidential Information.

This Agreement shall not be construed as creating, conveying, transferring, granting or conferring upon the Recipient any rights, license or authority in or to the information exchanged, except the limited right to use Confidential Information specified in paragraph 2. Furthermore and specifically, no license or conveyance of any intellectual property rights is granted or implied by this Agreement.

All Confidential Information disclosed to Recipient shall be and remain the property of Discloser.

Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as granting or conferring to
Recipient any rights or license or otherwise, either expressly or by implication, in or to any Confidential Information.

Recipient acknowledges and agrees that any Confidential Information of Discloser, in whatever form, and including modifications to any Confidential Information, is the sole property of Discloser, which retains all rights, title and interest in and to any Confidential Information.  No present or future intellectual property rights or licenses are offered, granted or implied by Discloser in the disclosure of any Confidential Information to Recipient.  

All Confidential Information is and will remain the property of the Disclosing Party.  This Agreement does not grant Recipient any license or other right with respect to the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information or any of the Disclosing Party’s patents, copyrights or other intellectual property rights, except the limited rights to use the Confidential Information as set forth in this Agreement.

All right title and interest in and to the Confidential Information shall remain with Disclosing Party or its licensors. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to grant any rights to Recipient under any patents, copyrights, trademarks, or trade secrets of Disclosing Party.