Waiver

The failure of either party to enforce its rights under this Agreement at any time for any period shall not be construed as a waiver of such rights. 

Failure to enforce any of provisions of this agreement will not constitute a waiver.

No failure or delay by either Party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder.

No failure or delay in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder.

Any waiver of a party’s rights under this Agreement must be in a writing signed by one of its authorized agents. A waiver on one occasion will not obligate the waiving party to waive its rights on another occasion.

The failure of either party to enforce its rights under this Agreement at any time for any period shall not be construed as a waiver of such rights.

No failure or delay in enforcing any right will be deemed a waiver.

Failure to enforce any portion of this Agreement on any occasion shall not constitute a waiver of any of the terms or modify the 
rights of either party to enforce this Agreement on any subsequent occasion.

Any failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver thereof or of any other provision hereof.

No failure or delay by either Party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder.

Failure to enforce any of provisions of this agreement will not constitute a waiver.  

Any failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver thereof or of any other provision. 

no failure or delay by the Disclosing Party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any right, power or privilege thereunder.