Notices. All notices, requests, waivers and other
communications required or permitted to be given pursuant to this Agreement
shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given upon receipt by
personal delivery, messenger delivery, first-class mail or telecopier, at the
addresses set forth below (or at such other address for the Purchaser as the
Purchaser shall specify by like notice):

In the event the Purchaser assigns all or part of its right under this
Agreement to one or more of its Affiliates pursuant to Section 9.1, any
required notices or communications required to be made to any such Affiliates
to whom rights under this Agreement have been assigned shall be deemed to have
been properly given when delivered to the Purchaser at the addresses (or
telecopier numbers) set forth above.

Alternative  Conversion Notice.  "Alternative  Conversion Notice" shall
mean the written  notice that  Lender  may,  at its  option,  give to  Borrower,
notifying  Borrower of Lender's  decision to exercise an Alternative  Conversion
Option to convert all of the accrued  interest and  outstanding  principal  into
membership units of the Borrower.  

Notice to Lenders.  Because the exercise of the Alternative  Conversion
Option by any  Lender may result in a less  advantageous  Adjustment  Factor for
subsequent alternative  conversions by other Lenders,  Borrower shall notify all
Lenders of any exercise of the Alternative  Conversion  Option.  All Lenders who
then submit an  Alternative  Conversion  Notice  within 20 days shall have their
conversions considered together pursuant to this Article 4.

Notice. Borrower shall give written notice to the
Holder of any mandatory prepayment pursuant to this Section 4 at least five (5)
Business Days prior to the date of such prepayment. Such notice shall be given
in the manner specified in Section 11.6 of the Purchase Agreement.

Borrower shall give written notice to Holder of
prepayment of this Note, or any portion thereof, pursuant to this Section 5 not
less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for such prepayment.
Such notice of prepayment pursuant to this Section 5
shall be given in the manner specified in Section 11.6 of the Purchase
Agreement. Upon notice of prepayment pursuant to this Section 5 being given by
Borrower, Borrower covenants and agrees that it will prepay, on the date therein
fixed for prepayment, this Note or the portion hereof so called for prepayment,
at the applicable Redemption Price set forth above with respect to the
outstanding principal amount of this Note or the portion thereof so called for
prepayment, together with Interest accrued and unpaid thereon to the date fixed
for such prepayment and the costs and expenses referred to in Section 5(a).

Notice to Holder. Borrower shall give written
notice to the Holder of the issuance of any Designated Senior Indebtedness. In
addition, Borrower shall give prompt written notice to the Holder of any fact
known to Borrower which would prohibit the making of any payment of monies to
the Holder in respect of this Note pursuant to the provisions of this Section 8.

Notices. All notices, demands and other communications
provided for or permitted hereunder shall be made in writing and shall be by
registered or certified first-class mail, return receipt requested, telecopier
(with receipt confirmed), courier service or personal delivery at the addresses
specified in Section 11.6 of the Purchase Agreement. All such notices and
communications shall be deemed to have been duly given when: delivered by hand,
if personally delivered; when delivered by courier, if delivered by commercial
overnight courier service; if mailed, five Business Days after being deposited
in the mail, postage prepaid; or if telecopied, when receipt is electronically
confirmed.

Conversion  Notice.  "Conversion  Notice" shall mean the written notice
that Lender may, at its option, give to Borrower, notifying Borrower of Lender's
decision to exercise a  Conversion  Option to convert some or all of the accrued
interest and  outstanding  principal into shares of  Goodrich-Delaware's  common
stock.    Borrower   will   deliver   to   Lender   the   required   shares   of
Goodrich-Delaware's  common stock within five (5) business days of receiving the
Conversion Notice.

Notice of Adjustments. Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted
pursuant to Section 3 hereof,  Borrower  shall promptly issue a notice signed by
its chief financial  officer or chief executive  officer stating,  in reasonable
detail,  the new  Conversion  Price  as a  result  of each  adjustment,  a brief
statement of the facts requiring such  adjustments and the computation  thereof,
and the date such  adjustments  became  effective,  and Borrower  shall mail (by
first class mail,  postage prepaid) to Lender at Lender's address a copy of such
notice.

Any notice or other  communication  required or  permitted  under this Note
shall  be in  writing  and  shall be  delivered  personally,  sent by  facsimile
transmission,  or sent by  overnight  courier.  Any such notice  shall be deemed
received when so delivered personally,  or when so transmitted by facsimile,  or
if sent by  overnight  courier  on the day after  delivered  to the  courier  as
follows. Any party may,  by notice  given in  accordance  with this  Section to the other
parties, designate another address or person for receipt of notices hereunder.

(e) The Company  will give the Holder  written  notice  indicating  the
amount of any  prepayment and the proposed date thereof not more than sixty (60)
days and not less than  thirty  (30) days prior to any such  prepayment  of this
Note.

(f) Subject to the  provisions  of Sections 4 and 5 below,  the Company
shall, within thirty (30) business days of the occurrence of a Change in Control
(as defined in Section 13  hereof),  offer,  by written  notice to the Holder in
accordance  with Section  1(e),  to prepay this Note,  in whole and not in part,
without premium or penalty.  Holder may accept the offer to prepay made pursuant
to this Section 1(f) by causing notice of such acceptance to be delivered to the
Company at least ten (10) days prior to the  proposed  prepayment  date (or such
longer  period as may be required by law).  A failure by Holder to respond to an
offer to prepay  pursuant to this Section 1(f) within the requisite  time period
shall be deemed to constitute a rejection of such offer.

Notices to Holders.

(a) Notice of Record Date. In case:

(i) the Company shall take a record of the holders of its Common Stock
(or other stock or securities at the time receivable upon the conversion of
this Note) for the purpose of entitling them to receive any dividend (other
than a cash dividend payable out of earned surplus of the Company) or other
distribution, or any right to subscribe for or purchase any shares of stock
of any class or any other securities, or to receive any other right;

(ii)   of  any   capital   reorganization   of   the   Company,   any
reclassification  of the capital  stock of the Company,  any  consolidation
with or merger of the Company into another  corporation,  or any conveyance
of all  or  substantially  all of the  assets  of the  Company  to  another
corporation; or

(iii) of any voluntary  dissolution,  liquidation or winding-up of the
Company; then, and in each such case, the Company will mail or cause to be mailed to the
Holder hereof at the time outstanding a notice  specifying,  as the case may be,
(i) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such  dividend,
distribution  or right,  and stating the amount and character of such  dividend,
distribution  or  right,  or  (ii)  the  date  on  which  such   reorganization,
reclassification, consolidation, merger, conveyance, dissolution, liquidation or
winding-up is to take place,  and the time, if any, is to be fixed,  as of which
the holders of record of Common Stock (or such stock or  securities  at the time
receivable upon the conversion of this Note) shall be entitled to exchange their
shares of Common Stock (or such other stock or  securities)  for  securities  or
other  property   deliverable   upon  such   reorganization,   reclassification,
consolidation,  merger, conveyance, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up. Such
notice shall be mailed at least thirty (30) days prior to the record  date  therein  
specified,  or if no record date shall have been specified therein,  at least thirty 
(30) days prior to such other specified date.

(b)  Certificate  of Adjustment.  Whenever the Conversion  Price or the
number of Conversion Shares shall be adjusted pursuant to Section 6 hereof,  the
Company  shall  promptly  make a  certificate  signed by its President or a Vice
President  and by its  Treasurer  or  Assistant  Treasurer  or its  Secretary or
Assistant Secretary,  setting forth in reasonable detail the event requiring the
adjustment,  the amount of the  adjustment,  the method by which such adjustment
was  calculated  and the number of Conversion  Shares and the  Conversion  Price
after giving effect to such adjustment,  and shall promptly cause copies of such
certificates to be mailed (by first class mail postage prepaid) to the Holder of
this Note.

Notice. Borrower shall give written notice to the
Holder of any mandatory prepayment pursuant to this Section 4 at least five (5)
Business Days prior to the date of such prepayment. Such notice shall be given
in the manner specified in Section 11.6 of the Purchase Agreement.

Borrower shall give written notice to Holder of
prepayment of this Note, or any portion thereof, pursuant to this Section 5 not
less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for such prepayment.
Such notice of prepayment pursuant to this Section 5
shall be given in the manner specified in Section 11.6 of the Purchase
Agreement. Upon notice of prepayment pursuant to this Section 5 being given by
Borrower, Borrower covenants and agrees that it will prepay, on the date therein
fixed for prepayment, this Note or the portion hereof so called for prepayment,
at the applicable Redemption Price set forth above with respect to the
outstanding principal amount of this Note or the portion thereof so called for
prepayment, together with Interest accrued and unpaid thereon to the date fixed
for such prepayment and the costs and expenses referred to in Section 5(a).

Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default with
respect to this Note or any Other Note, the Company shall within two (2)
Business Days deliver written notice thereof via facsimile and overnight
courier (an Event of Default Notice) to the Holder. At any time after
the earlier of the Holders receipt of an Event of Default Notice and the
Holder becoming aware of an Event of Default, the Holder may require the
Company to redeem all or any portion of this Note by delivering written notice
thereof (the Event of Default Redemption Notice) to the Company, which
Event of Default Redemption Notice shall indicate the portion of this Note the
Holder is electing to redeem.

(a) Notices. Whenever notice is required to be given under this Note, unless
otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance with
Section 9(f) of the Securities Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide
the Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant to this
Note, including in reasonable detail a description of such action and the
reason therefore. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company will give written notice to the Holder (i) immediately upon any
adjustment of the Conversion Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, and
certifying, the calculation of such adjustment and (ii) at least twenty (20)
days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record
(A) with respect to any dividend or distribution upon the Common Stock, (B)
with respect to any pro rata subscription offer to holders of Common Stock or
(C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental
Transaction, dissolution or liquidation, provided in each case that such
information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with
such notice being provided to the Holder.