	1.	Definitions.  In addition to terms defined in the text of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings.
(a)	“Confidential Information” means both parties’ information of a commercial, proprietary or technical nature and Customer Information. Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to, the following, whether now in existence or hereafter created: (i) all information marked as "confidential" or similarly marked, or information that the Receiving Party should, in the exercise of reasonable judgment, recognize as confidential; (ii) all information protected by rights embodied in copyrights, whether registered or unregistered (including all derivative works), patents or pending patent applications, “know how,” trade secrets, and any other intellectual property rights of the Disclosing Party or Disclosing Party’s licensors; (iii) all business, financial or technical information of the Disclosing Party and any of the Disclosing Party’s vendors (including, but not limited to account numbers, and software licensed from third parties or owned by the Disclosing Party or its affiliates); (iv) the Disclosing Party’s marketing philosophy and objectives, promotions, markets, materials, financial results, technological developments and other similar proprietary information and materials; (v) any and all Customer Information; (vi) all notes, memoranda, analyses, compilations, studies and other documents, whether prepared by either party hereto or others, which contain or otherwise reflect Confidential Information; and (vii) all discussions, correspondence (including but not limited to: electronic correspondence, marketing materials, proposals, presentations, strategic memoranda and other materials), documentation and/or information related to and/or regarding the Disclosing Party’s business.
(b)	“Customer Information” means all disclosed data information however collected or received by the Disclosing Party that pertains to or identifies Disclosing Party’s customer(s) or prospective customer(s) (“Customers”), including without limitation, name, address, email address, social security number, passwords, personal financial information, personal preferences; demographic data, marketing data, data about securities transactions, credit data, or any other identification data, and, with respect to U.S. Bank, the fact of the existence of a relationship, or a potential relationship, between U.S. Bank and a Customer.  This Agreement shall not be construed as granting any ownership rights in the Receiving Party to the Disclosing Party’s Customer Information.
(c)	“Disclosing Party” means the party disclosing Confidential Information.
(d)	“Receiving Party” means the party receiving Confidential Information. 

1. Definitions.  When used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings given below:
(a)	“Affiliates” of a person or entity means any other person or entity that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such person or entity.  The term “control” (including the terms “controlled by” and “under common control with”) means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a person or entity, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.  Under the terms of this Agreement only, Merrick Bank Corp. shall not be included in the definition of an Affiliate of CardWorks.   
(b)	“Confidential Information” means (whether disclosed directly or indirectly, in writing, electronically, orally, or by inspection or viewing, or in any other form or medium) all proprietary, non-public information of or relating to the Disclosing Party or any of its Affiliates, including but not limited to, financial information, customer lists, supplier lists, business forecasts, software, sales, merchandising and marketing plans and materials, proprietary technology and products, whether or not subject to registration, patent filing or copyright, and all notes, summaries, reports, analyses, compilations, studies and interpretations of any Confidential Information or incorporating any Confidential Information, whether prepared by or on behalf of the Disclosing Party or the Receiving Party.  Confidential Information shall also include the fact that discussions or negotiations are taking place concerning the Transaction between the Disclosing Party and the Receiving Party, and any of the terms, conditions or others facts with respect to any such Transaction, including the status thereof.

2.	Definitions.  For purposes of this Agreement:
2.1.	“Affiliate” means any corporation, company or other entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with a party to this Agreement.  An entity is regarded as in control of another or owning another if it owns or controls, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50%) or more of the shares entitled to vote for the election of directors or other persons performing similar functions.  For purposes of this Agreement, Visa Affiliates also includes Visa Europe Services Inc., Visa Europe Ltd., and their respective subsidiaries and Affiliates.
2.2.	“Cardholder Information” means: (a) any payment product account number; (b) any transaction information concerning a payment product account or concerning payments made through such payment product; or (c) any Visa or third-party information related to (a) or (b) that may constitute non-public personal information or from which an individual cardholder’s identity or personal particulars are apparent or can be reasonably ascertained.
2.3.	“Confidential Information” includes any information or data that is disclosed under this Agreement by or on behalf of: (a) Visa, any Visa Affiliate, or any Visa Client (i.e., a financial institution participating in the Visa payment system) to Second Party; and (b) by Second Party to Visa or any Visa Affiliate, provided, however, that the subject matter of the information or data is identified in the table above and (i) if in tangible form or other media that can be converted to readable form, is marked clearly as proprietary, confidential or private when disclosed; (ii) if in oral or visual form, is identified as proprietary, confidential or private on disclosure; or (iii) by its very nature should reasonably be understood to be proprietary, confidential, or private.  “Confidential Information” also includes the terms of this Agreement and any discussions, negotiations or proposals occurring hereunder.
2.4.	“Discloser” means the party disclosing Confidential Information under this Agreement.
2.5.	“Recipient” means the party receiving Confidential Information under this Agreement.

                  Definitions. For purposes of this Note, the following
terms shall have the meanings indicated:
                  "Affiliate" means, with respect to any specified Person,
any other Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with
such specified Person. Without limitation of the above, the term
"Affiliate" shall, with respect to the Initial Holder, include Ralph H.
Booth II, John L. Booth II, and any members of their "respective families"
within the meaning of Rule 16a-1(e) under the Exchange Act.
                  "Board of Directors" shall mean the board of directors of
CoreComm. "Board of Directors" shall also mean the Executive Committee, if
any, of such board of directors or any other committee duly authorized by
such board of directors to perform any of its responsibilities with respect
to this Note.
                  "Business Day" shall mean any day other than a Saturday,
Sunday or a day on which state or federally chartered banking institutions
in New York, New York are not required to be open.


DEFINITIONS.  As used herein, the following terms shall have the meanings given them below:
“Building” shall mean the existing building designated on the Site Plan as ____________, a portion of which is included within the Demised Premises.
“Common Area” shall mean the Primary Parking Area, the remainder of the parking areas in the Shopping Center, service drives, access roads, retaining walls, retention ponds, the entrances and exits to the Shopping Center, and all other areas that may be provided by Landlord for the general use in common of the tenants and occupants of the Shopping Center and their employees, customers and invitees.  The Common Areas shall not include the garden center or any fenced-in staging area located on the Demised Premises or any loading docks, trash compactors and enclosures, exterior coolers, electrical and refrigeration facilities, drive-through lanes or windows, or other similar service facilities.
“Common Area Expenses” shall mean those expenses incurred by Landlord in performing its Common Area maintenance and insurance obligations pursuant to Article 18 hereof.
“Common Facilities” shall mean the lighting system, utility system and drainage system servicing the Common Areas, all direction signs, any pylon signs for use in common, any landscaped areas within the Shopping Center intended for common use, and any other facilities or improvements for the general use in common of the tenants and occupants of the Shopping Center and their employees, customers, and invitees.
“Declaration” shall mean that certain ____________________, dated _______ recorded on ___________ in the Official Records of Orange County, State of California, as amended by the Amendment to Declaration (as defined in Exhibit I).
“Demised Premises” shall mean that certain area, containing approximately ____ acres, located in the City of Aliso Viejo, State of California, together with all improvements thereon, including approximately 145,000 square feet of enclosed building area, a garden center of approximately 30,000 square feet; truck wells/docks, staging area, Primary Parking Area, and Sidewalk Sales Area, all as shown on the Site Plan and described in Exhibit B, attached hereto and made a part hereof.
“Landlord’s Work” shall mean the work to be performed by Landlord to prepare the Demised Premises for delivery to Tenant, as such work is set forth on Exhibit J, attached hereto and made a part hereof.
“Lease Construction Documents” shall have the meaning given it in Exhibit J.
“Outparcels” shall mean Pads _______ as shown on the Site Plan.
“Primary Parking Area” shall mean the parking areas, driveways, and footways designated on the Site Plan as the “Primary Parking Area”.
“Rent” shall mean the rental to be paid by Tenant pursuant to Article 7 hereof, together with Tenant’s pro rata share of Common Area Expenses and other amounts due from Tenant to Landlord hereunder.
“Shopping Center” shall mean the commercial development depicted on the Site Plan and more particularly described in Exhibit C, attached hereto and made a part hereof.
“Site Plan” shall mean the site plan attached hereto as Exhibit A and made a part hereof.
“Survey” shall mean an on the ground boundary survey of the Demised Premises and the Shopping Center, prepared according to and in compliance with Tenant’s standard survey requirements and by a surveyor acceptable to Tenant, at Landlord’s expense.  Landlord shall deliver or cause to be delivered the Survey to Tenant within thirty (30) days from the Effective Date
“Tenant Control Area” shall mean the portion of the Common Area designated on the Site Plan as the “Tenant Control Area”.