Technical and business information relating to proprietary ideas, patentable ideas and/or trade secrets, existing and/or contemplated products and services, research and development, production, costs, profit and margin information, finances and financial projections, customers, clients, marketing, and current or future business plans and models, regardless of whether such information is designated as “Confidential Information” at the time of its disclosure.

In addition to the above, Confidential Information shall also include, and the parties shall have a duty to protect, other confidential and/or sensitive information which is (a) disclosed as such in writing and marked as confidential (or with other similar designation) at the time of disclosure; and/or (b) disclosed by in any other manner and identified as confidential at the time of disclosure and is also summarized and designated as confidential in a written memorandum delivered within thirty (30) days of the disclosure.

         This Disclosure Statement contains forward-looking statements that are
made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of 11 U.S.C. Section 1125 and the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any statements contained
herein that are not statements of historical fact, such as statements regarding
anticipated growth in demand for the Debtors' advanced messaging service and
related third-party applications, the anticipated rate of decline in the
Debtors' traditional messaging services, the Debtors' continued ability to
expand the scope of advanced messaging offerings and their distribution
channels, the anticipated launch of additional advanced messaging products and
services and the anticipated cost savings, margin improvements and other
operating synergies, should be considered forward-looking statements. These
forward-looking statements also include statements to the effect that the
Debtors or their management or respective boards of directors "believe,"
"expect," "anticipate," "plan" and similar expressions. These forward-looking
statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause the Debtors' actual
results to be materially different from the future results expressed or implied
by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to
differ materially from those expectations include, but are not limited to, risks
associated with declining demand for traditional messaging products and
services, unforeseen delays or difficulties in launching Debtors' additional
advanced messaging products and services, the ability of the Debtors to expand
their marketing and sales organization, the Debtors' future capital needs,
competitive pricing pressures, competition from both traditional messaging
services and other wireless communications services, merger and integration
challenges, government regulation, reliance upon third party providers for
certain equipment and services, as well as other risks described herein or
described from time to time in the Debtors' periodic reports and registration
statements filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Although the
Debtors believe the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are
based on reasonable assumptions, they can give no assurance that their
expectations will be attained. The Debtors disclaim any intent or obligation to
update any forward-looking statements.

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the  premises  and  the  mutual
covenants  contained  herein  and other  good and  valuable  consideration,  the
receipt and  sufficiency of which are hereby  acknowledged,  the Company and the
Investor hereby agree as follows:

Each monthly installment is due payable in advance without notice or demand at Landlord's above stated address, or at any other place Landlord designates in writing.

WHEREAS, ABC Company and Recipient, for their mutual benefit and pursuant to a working relationship which has been or may be established, anticipate that ABC Company may disclose or deliver to a working relationship which has been or may be established, anticipate that ABC Company may disclose or deliver to Recipient documents, components, parts, information, drawings, data, sketches, plans programs, specifications, techniques, processes, software, inventions and other materials, both written and oral, of a secret, confidential or proprietary nature, including without limitation any and all information relating to marketing, finance, forecasts, invention, research, design or development of information system and any supportive or incidental subsystems, and any and all subject matter claimed in or disclosed by any patent application prepared or filed by or behalf of by ABC Company, in any jurisdiction, and any amendments or supplements thereto (collectively, “Proprietary Information”); and

WHEREAS, ABC Company desires to assure that the confidentiality of any Proprietary Information is maintained;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises, and the mutual convenants contained herein, ABC Company and Recipient hereby agree as follows:

2. Exclusions from Confidential Information. Receiving Party's obligations under this Agreement do not extend to information that is: (a) publicly known at the time of disclosure or subsequently becomes publicly known through no fault of the Receiving Party; (b) discovered or created by the Receiving Party before disclosure by Disclosing Party; (c) learned by the Receiving Party through legitimate means other than from the Disclosing Party or Disclosing Party's representatives; or (d) is disclosed by Receiving Party with Disclosing Party's prior written approval.

1. Definition of Confidential Information. For purposes of this Agreement, "Confidential Information" shall include all information or material that has or could have commercial value or other utility in the business in which Disclosing Party is engaged. If Confidential Information is in written form, the Disclosing Party shall label or stamp the materials with the word "Confidential" or some similar warning. If Confidential Information is transmitted orally, the Disclosing Party shall promptly provide a writing indicating that such oral communication constituted Confidential Information.

This Agreement and each party's obligations shall be binding on the representatives, assigns, and successors of such party. Each party has signed this Agreement through its authorized representative.

	NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the Parties’ discussions regarding the Transaction and any access the Receiving Party may have to Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party, the Parties hereby agree as follows:

14. Counterparts; Delivery.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, and by facsimile or .pdf file format, each of which is to be considered an original and all of which taken together will constitute one and the same instrument.
